src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.File'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map.Entry'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.stackroute.datamunger.query.DataSet'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.stackroute.datamunger.query.Row'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:16:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:19:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryString' (lines '19'-'23').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:21:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:22:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:30:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:36:	Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:43:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/DataMunger.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:19:	Parameter 'columnName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:19:	Parameter 'dataTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataSet.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.DateFormat'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.ParseException'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:8:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:10:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:20:	The class 'DataTypeDefinitions' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:20:	The class 'DataTypeDefinitions' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:20:	The class 'DataTypeDefinitions' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:28:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:28:	Parameter 'datatypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:28:	The user-supplied array 'datatypes' is stored directly.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:32:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:32:	Parameter 'headerNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:32:	The user-supplied array 'headerNames' is stored directly.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:37:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'datatypesArray' (lines '38'-'41').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'datatypesArray' (lines '41'-'43').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'datatypesArray' (lines '43'-'41').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:51:	Parameter 'temp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:51:	The method 'typeOfClass' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:51:	The method 'typeOfClass' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:51:	The method 'typeOfClass' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:54:	Local variable 'tempVariable' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:58:	Local variable 'tempVariable' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:59:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:62:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:63:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:67:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:72:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:77:	The String literal "dd-MMMM-yyyy" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 77
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:77:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:78:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:82:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:87:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:88:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:92:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:97:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:102:	Local variable 'floatValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:105:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:106:	Local variable 'tempVariable' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:108:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:108:	Local variable 'o1' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:110:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/DataTypeDefinitions.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:9:	The class 'Filter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 24).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:9:	The class 'Filter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:9:	The class 'Filter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:11:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	Parameter 'dataTypeDef' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	Parameter 'header' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	The method 'evaluateExpression' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	The method 'evaluateExpression' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	The method 'evaluateExpression' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	The method evaluateExpression() has an NPath complexity of 129924
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like r
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:23:	Parameter 'logicalOperators' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:23:	Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:24:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:27:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:32:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:37:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:42:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:48:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:48:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:49:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:53:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:60:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:60:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:61:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:65:	Local variable 'conditionValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Local variable 'rowDataValue' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:71:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'final_combine' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:73:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'log_cnt' (lines '81'-'142').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value_cnt' (lines '81'-'142').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:81:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'log_cnt' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:81:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'value_cnt' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:81:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:82:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'final_check' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:83:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'log_cnt' (lines '85'-'142').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:87:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:87:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value_cnt' (lines '88'-'142').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:92:	Local variable 'conditionalstring' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:93:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'final_checker' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:95:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:97:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:101:	Local variable 'orspliter' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:102:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'it_temp' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indicator' (lines '103'-'123').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indicator' (lines '103'-'127').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp1' (lines '106'-'109').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp1' (lines '106'-'113').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp1' (lines '106'-'117').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:121:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:129:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:145:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:145:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:145:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsEqualTo method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:145:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:147:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:154:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:154:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:154:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:154:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:154:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsEqualTo method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:154:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:156:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:163:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:163:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:163:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsNotEqualTo method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:163:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:164:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:165:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:172:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:172:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:172:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:172:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:172:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsNotEqualTo method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:172:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:173:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:174:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:182:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:182:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:182:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:182:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:182:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsGreaterthanOrEqual method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:182:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:184:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:192:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:192:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:192:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsLessthanOrEqual method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:192:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:194:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:202:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:202:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:202:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsGreaterthan method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:202:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:212:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:212:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:212:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:212:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:212:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the conditionIsLessthan method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:212:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Filter.java:214:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collections'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.LinkedList'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:10:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:15:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the columnName field if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:15:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:17:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:17:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GenericComparator.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collections'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.TreeMap'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:10:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/GroupedDataSet.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Header.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Header.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.stackroute.datamunger.reader.QueryProcessingEngine'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:26:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:26:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:30:	Local variable 'queryParser' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryParameter' (lines '31'-'36').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:41:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:49:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:49:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'logicalOperators'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logicalOperators' (lines '49'-'83').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:49:	Local variable 'logicalOperators' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:50:	Local variable 'groupByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:51:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:51:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'orderByFields'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderByFields' (lines '51'-'83').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:51:	Local variable 'orderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:52:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:52:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'restrictions'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restrictions' (lines '52'-'83').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:52:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:53:	Local variable 'aggregateFunction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:55:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:56:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:57:	Local variable 'csvQueryProcessor' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:58:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:59:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:59:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataSet'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:62:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:64:	Local variable 'csvQueryProcessor' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:65:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:66:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:66:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataSet'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:69:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:71:	Local variable 'csvQueryProcessor' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:72:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:73:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataSet'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:77:	Local variable 'csvQueryProcessor' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:78:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Query.java:79:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dataSet'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Row.java:6:	Avoid short class names like Row
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Row.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/Row.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/RowDataTypeDefinitions.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/RowDataTypeDefinitions.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregateFieldIndex
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:17:	Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:25:	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:33:	Parameter 'function' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregateFieldIndex
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:41:	Parameter 'aggregateFieldIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/AggregateFunction.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:7:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:8:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:17:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'QUERY_TYPE' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:17:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:17:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'QUERY_TYPE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregateFunctions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:28:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:36:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:44:	Parameter 'baseQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:52:	Parameter 'fields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:56:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:60:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:60:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'qUERY_TYPE' is not final.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:60:	Parameter 'qUERY_TYPE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:68:	Parameter 'restrictions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:76:	Parameter 'logicalOperators' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregateFunctions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:84:	Parameter 'aggregateFunctions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:92:	Parameter 'orderByFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:100:	Parameter 'groupByFields' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParameter.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:8:	The class 'QueryParser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 13).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:8:	The class 'QueryParser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:8:	The class 'QueryParser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:18:	Private field 'queryParameter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:24:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:57:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:69:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:87:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:99:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:120:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'queryString'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:121:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:122:	The String literal "where" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 122
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:123:	The String literal "from" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 123
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:125:	The String literal "group by" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 125
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:125:	The String literal "order by" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 125
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:125:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:125:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:126:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:136:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:139:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:141:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:150:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:153:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:153:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:154:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:156:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:156:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:156:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:167:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'queryString'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:167:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'a' (lines '167'-'175').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:167:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:168:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:170:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:170:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:173:	Local variable 'listOfConditions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:174:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:178:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:181:	Local variable 'listOfConditions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:182:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:187:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:196:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:196:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'a' (lines '196'-'201').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:196:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:197:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:197:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:197:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:198:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:199:	Local variable 'listOfOperators' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:200:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:201:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:201:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:201:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:205:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:213:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:213:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'var' (lines '213'-'218').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:213:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:213:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:215:	Local variable 'fieldsArray' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:216:	Local variable 'listOfFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:217:	Local variable 'var' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:224:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'var' (lines '224'-'230').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:224:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:224:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ordeyByFieldsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:227:	Local variable 'ordeyByFieldsArray' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfOrderByFields
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:228:	Local variable 'listOfOrderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:229:	Local variable 'var' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:232:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:240:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:240:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'var' (lines '240'-'248').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:240:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:240:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupByFieldsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Local variable 'groupByFieldsArray' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfGroupByFields
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:246:	Local variable 'listOfGroupByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:247:	Local variable 'var' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:250:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupByFieldsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:253:	Local variable 'groupByFieldsArray' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfGroupByFields
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:254:	Local variable 'listOfGroupByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:255:	Local variable 'var' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:258:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:266:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:266:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '266'-'277').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:266:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '266'-'277').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:266:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:266:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:268:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:268:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:269:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp' (lines '269'-'273').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregateFunctions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:270:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aggregateFunctions' (lines '270'-'287').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:270:	Local variable 'aggregateFunctions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:271:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:274:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:275:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:278:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:278:	Local variable 'Aggregate' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:278:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Aggregate' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:280:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:280:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'k' (lines '289'-'311').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '289'-'311').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	The method 'getcondtionalfunctions' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	The method 'getcondtionalfunctions' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	The method 'getcondtionalfunctions' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:289:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:292:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matches' (lines '292'-'333').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:292:	Local variable 'matches' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conditionsArray' (lines '293'-'306').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '294'-'323').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:295:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '295'-'333').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:295:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:308:	Local variable 'k' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conditions' (lines '309'-'309').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:309:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conditions' (lines '309'-'333').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:310:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:312:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:312:	Local variable 'Restrict' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:312:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Restrict' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:315:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:315:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:315:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:316:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conditions' (lines '316'-'309').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:316:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conditions' (lines '316'-'333').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '323'-'323').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:329:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:330:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:330:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/QueryParser.java:332:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:17:	Parameter 'propertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:25:	Parameter 'propertyValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:33:	Parameter 'condition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/query/parser/Restriction.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileWriter'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.Writer'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.Gson'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.GsonBuilder'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:35:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:35:	The class 'CsvAggregateQueryProcessor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 29).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:35:	The class 'CsvAggregateQueryProcessor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 28).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:35:	The class 'CsvAggregateQueryProcessor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 28).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:35:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '41'-'165').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Parameter 'queryParameter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method getResultSet() has an NCSS line count of 105
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method getResultSet() has an NPath complexity of 247104
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '47'-'49').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:52:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headersArray' (lines '60'-'62').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:66:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '76'-'86').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempArray' (lines '77'-'79').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:82:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '86'-'88').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '88'-'86').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:97:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:111:	Local variable 'dataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitionsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataTypeDefinitionsArray' (lines '112'-'115').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rowDataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:117:	Local variable 'rowDataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:146:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '146'-'149').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:147:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '147'-'154').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:152:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '155'-'173').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:156:	Local variable 'dataset' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '158'-'176').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:159:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:160:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '160'-'305').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:160:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logicalOperators' (lines '161'-'305').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:161:	Local variable 'logicalOperators' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:162:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '163'-'166').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:164:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:165:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:173:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '173'-'305').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:175:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentLinedata' (lines '175'-'305').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:175:	Local variable 'currentLinedata' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:176:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '186'-'305').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:187:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:199:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:199:	Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:200:	Local variable 'rowAddFlag' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:219:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:242:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:260:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:275:	Local variable 'aggregateFunc' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:276:	Local variable 'groupDataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:279:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:280:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:284:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:285:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:289:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:294:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:295:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:299:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:307:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '307'-'312').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:307:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:307:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:307:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMax method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:307:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:308:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:308:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'count'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:308:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '308'-'318').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:308:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:309:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:310:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:320:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '320'-'325').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:320:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:320:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:320:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMin method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:320:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'count'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '321'-'331').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:323:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '333'-'337').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getCount method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:334:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '334'-'338').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:335:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '338'-'338').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:344:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '344'-'348').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:344:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:344:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:344:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSum method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:344:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:346:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:355:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '355'-'360').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:355:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:355:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:355:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getAverage method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:355:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'avg' (lines '357'-'364').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:358:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvAggregateQueryProcessor.java:361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=51, ATFD=35, TCC=0.0)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileWriter'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.Writer'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collections'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.Gson'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.GsonBuilder'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:36:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:36:	The class 'CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 34).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:36:	The class 'CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 33).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:36:	The class 'CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 33).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:36:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '41'-'157').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	Parameter 'queryParameter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 34.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method getResultSet() has an NCSS line count of 120
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	The method getResultSet() has an NPath complexity of 1827072
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '47'-'49').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:51:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headersArray' (lines '59'-'61').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:63:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '72'-'81').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempArray' (lines '73'-'75').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:77:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '81'-'83').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '83'-'81').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:92:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:105:	Local variable 'dataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitionsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataTypeDefinitionsArray' (lines '106'-'109').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rowDataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:111:	Local variable 'rowDataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:139:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '139'-'142').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:140:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '140'-'146').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:144:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '147'-'165').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:148:	Local variable 'dataset' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '150'-'168').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:151:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '152'-'358').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:152:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logicalOperators' (lines '153'-'358').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:153:	Local variable 'logicalOperators' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:154:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '155'-'158').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:156:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:157:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:165:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '165'-'358').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentLinedata' (lines '167'-'358').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:167:	Local variable 'currentLinedata' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:168:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '178'-'358').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:179:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:190:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:190:	Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:191:	Local variable 'rowAddFlag' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:209:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:232:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:250:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:265:	Local variable 'aggregateFunc' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:266:	Local variable 'groupDataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:272:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:275:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:279:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:279:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:293:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:293:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:297:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:297:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:304:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:304:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:304:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:308:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:311:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:311:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:315:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:315:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:326:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:329:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:329:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:333:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:343:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:346:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:346:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:350:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:350:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '360'-'364').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Parameter 'aggFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Parameter 'groupByField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMax method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:360:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:361:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:361:	Local variable 'maxMap' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:362:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:364:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '377'-'380').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Parameter 'aggFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Parameter 'groupByField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMin method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:377:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:378:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:378:	Local variable 'minMap' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:379:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:380:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:381:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:383:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:383:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:383:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:383:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '392'-'395').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Parameter 'aggFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Parameter 'groupByField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getCount method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:392:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:393:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:393:	Local variable 'countMap' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:394:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:395:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:398:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm2' (lines '406'-'410').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Parameter 'aggFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Parameter 'groupByField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSum method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:406:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:407:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:407:	Local variable 'sumMap' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:408:	Local variable 'm2' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:410:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	Parameter 'aggFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	Parameter 'dataset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	Parameter 'fieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	Parameter 'groupByField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getAverage method if you want a default access modifier
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:422:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:423:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sumMap' (lines '423'-'426').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:423:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countMap' (lines '424'-'427').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:424:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:425:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:425:	Local variable 'aggMap' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:428:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sum' (lines '428'-'441').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:428:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sum' (lines '428'-'449').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:428:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:429:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '429'-'442').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:429:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '429'-'449').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:430:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:431:	Local variable 'set1' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:431:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:434:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:434:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:435:	Local variable 'it1' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:436:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '436'-'449').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:439:	Avoid variables with short names like me
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:439:	Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:440:	Local variable 'me1' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:442:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:443:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByAggregateQueryProcessor.java:444:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '444'-'449').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileWriter'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.Writer'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.Gson'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.GsonBuilder'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:25:	The class 'CsvGroupByQueryProcessor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26 (Highest = 25).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:25:	The class 'CsvGroupByQueryProcessor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 25 (Highest = 24).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:25:	The class 'CsvGroupByQueryProcessor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 25 (Highest = 24).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '30'-'166').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	Parameter 'queryParameter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method getResultSet() has an NPath complexity of 16128
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '36'-'38').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:41:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headersArray' (lines '49'-'51').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:55:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:57:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'value'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:57:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '67'-'78').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempArray' (lines '68'-'70').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:74:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '78'-'81').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '81'-'78').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:91:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:105:	Local variable 'dataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitionsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataTypeDefinitionsArray' (lines '106'-'109').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rowDataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowDataTypeDefinitions' (lines '111'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:111:	Local variable 'rowDataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:140:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '140'-'143').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:141:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '141'-'148').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:146:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '153'-'175').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:154:	Local variable 'dataset' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '155'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '156'-'178').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '156'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fields' (lines '157'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:157:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:159:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '159'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:159:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:162:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '163'-'167').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '163'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:165:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:166:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '167'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logicalOperators' (lines '171'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:171:	Local variable 'logicalOperators' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:175:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:175:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '175'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:177:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentLinedata' (lines '177'-'177').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentLinedata' (lines '177'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:177:	Local variable 'currentLinedata' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:178:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '178'-'178').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '178'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '190'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:191:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:198:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '198'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:201:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:201:	Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:202:	Local variable 'rowAddFlag' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:205:	Local variable 'firstField' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:206:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:224:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '224'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:232:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:255:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvGroupByQueryProcessor.java:273:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.FileWriter'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.Writer'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.Gson'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.google.gson.GsonBuilder'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:25:	The class 'CsvQueryProcessor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26 (Highest = 25).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:25:	The class 'CsvQueryProcessor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 25 (Highest = 24).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:25:	The class 'CsvQueryProcessor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 25 (Highest = 24).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '30'-'166').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	Parameter 'queryParameter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method 'getResultSet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	The method getResultSet() has an NPath complexity of 16128
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '36'-'38').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:41:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headersArray' (lines '49'-'51').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:55:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:57:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'value'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:57:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '67'-'78').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempArray' (lines '68'-'70').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:74:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '78'-'81').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLineArray' (lines '81'-'78').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:91:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:105:	Local variable 'dataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataTypeDefinitionsArray
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataTypeDefinitionsArray' (lines '106'-'109').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rowDataTypeDefinitions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowDataTypeDefinitions' (lines '111'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:111:	Local variable 'rowDataTypeDefinitions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:140:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '140'-'143').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:141:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '141'-'148').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:146:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '153'-'175').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:154:	Local variable 'dataset' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '155'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '156'-'178').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '156'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fields' (lines '157'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:157:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:159:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '159'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:159:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:162:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '163'-'167').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '163'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:165:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:166:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isWherePresent' (lines '167'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logicalOperators' (lines '171'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:171:	Local variable 'logicalOperators' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:175:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:175:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '175'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:177:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentLinedata' (lines '177'-'177').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentLinedata' (lines '177'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:177:	Local variable 'currentLinedata' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:178:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '178'-'178').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'row' (lines '178'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '190'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:191:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:198:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '198'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:201:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:201:	Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:202:	Local variable 'rowAddFlag' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:205:	Local variable 'firstField' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:206:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:224:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIndex' (lines '224'-'288').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:232:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:255:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/CsvQueryProcessor.java:273:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/QueryProcessingEngine.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/QueryProcessingEngine.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/QueryProcessingEngine.java:9:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/reader/QueryProcessingEngine.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=54, ATFD=63, TCC=0.13086770981507823)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:24:	The class 'DataMungerTest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 16).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:24:	The class 'DataMungerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:24:	The class 'DataMungerTest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:24:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:31:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:39:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:42:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:43:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:44:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:56:	The String literal "data/ipl.csv" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 56
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:72:	Local variable 'expectedFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:73:	The String literal "city" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:74:	The String literal "winner" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 74
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:92:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:95:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:96:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:99:	The String literal "player_of_match" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 99
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:108:	The String literal "select city,winner,player_of_match from data/ipl.csv" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:111:	The String literal "season" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 111
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:114:	The String literal "2014" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 114
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:124:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:131:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:132:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'aggregatestatus'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:132:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aggregatestatus' (lines '132'-'190').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:132:	Local variable 'aggregatestatus' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:135:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:136:	Local variable 'aggfunction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:139:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:144:	Local variable 'logicalop' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:157:	The String literal "testGetRestrictionsAndAggregateFunctions() : Retrieval of conditions part failed. The conditions part contains starting from where keyword till the next keyword, which is either group by or order by clause. In case of absence of both group by and order by clause, it will contain till the end of the query string." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 157
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:170:	The String literal "Bangalore" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 170
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:175:	The String literal "testGetRestrictionsAndAggregateFunctions() : Retrieval of Aggregate part failed. The conditions part contains starting from where keyword till the next keyword, which is either group by or order by clause. In case of absence of both group by and order by clause, it will contain till the end of the query string." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 175
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:192:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:195:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:196:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:200:	Local variable 'logicalop' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:202:	Local variable 'orderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:204:	Local variable 'groupByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:216:	The String literal "testGetGroupByOrderByClause() : Retrieval of conditions part failed. The conditions part contains starting from where keyword till the next keyword, which is either group by or order by clause. In case of absence of both group by and order by clause, it will contain till the end of the query string." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 216
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:245:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:245:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:248:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:261:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:264:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:289:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:289:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:292:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:293:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:297:	Local variable 'logicalop' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:299:	Local variable 'orderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:311:	The String literal "testGetOrderByAndWhereConditionClause() : Retrieval of conditions part failed. The conditions part contains starting from where keyword till the next keyword, which is either group by or order by clause. In case of absence of both group by and order by clause, it will contain till the end of the query string." appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 311
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:337:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:337:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:340:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:350:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:353:	Local variable 'orderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:355:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:371:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:371:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:374:	Local variable 'orderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:376:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'aggregateFunction' (lines '391'-'423').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '391'-'403').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'groupByField' (lines '391'-'438').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'orderByField' (lines '391'-'431').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restriction' (lines '391'-'412').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Parameter 'queryParameter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	The method 'display' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	The method 'display' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	The method 'display' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:391:	The method display() has an NPath complexity of 1024
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:392:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:393:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:394:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:395:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:396:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:397:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:398:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:400:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:402:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:403:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:406:	Local variable 'restrictions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:408:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:409:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conditionCount' (lines '409'-'441').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:410:	Local variable 'restriction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:411:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:412:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:413:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:414:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:417:	Avoid excessively long variable names like aggregateFunctions
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:417:	Local variable 'aggregateFunctions' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:418:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:419:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:420:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'funtionCount' (lines '420'-'441').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:421:	Local variable 'aggregateFunction' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:422:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:423:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:424:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:427:	Local variable 'orderByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:428:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:429:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:430:	Local variable 'orderByField' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:431:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:434:	Local variable 'groupByFields' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:436:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:437:	Local variable 'groupByField' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:438:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:447:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:447:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:448:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:448:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:449:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:454:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:456:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:471:	The String literal "data/result.json" appears 21 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 471
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:471:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:475:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:475:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:476:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:476:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:477:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:482:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:488:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:492:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:499:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:503:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:503:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:504:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:504:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:505:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:510:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:511:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:513:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:515:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:515:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:517:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:528:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:532:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:532:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:533:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:533:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:534:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:540:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:543:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:545:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:547:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:547:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:556:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:560:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:560:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:561:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:561:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:562:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:567:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:568:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:570:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:574:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:585:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:589:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:589:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:590:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:590:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:591:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:593:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:596:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:597:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:599:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:605:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:607:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:609:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:609:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:614:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:618:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:618:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:619:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:619:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:620:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:625:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:626:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:628:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:630:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:630:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:634:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:634:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:636:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:638:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:638:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:643:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:647:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:647:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:648:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:648:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:649:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:651:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:654:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:655:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:657:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:659:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:659:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:661:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:665:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:667:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:667:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:672:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:676:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:676:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:677:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:677:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:678:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:684:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:686:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:688:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:688:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:690:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:692:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:692:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:696:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:696:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:701:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:705:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:705:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:706:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:706:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:707:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:712:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:713:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:715:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:717:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:717:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:723:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:730:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:734:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:734:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:735:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:738:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:740:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:740:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:745:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:749:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:749:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:750:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:752:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataExpectedStatus
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:752:	Local variable 'dataExpectedStatus' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:752:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:752:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:755:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:761:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:765:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:765:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:766:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:766:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:767:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalColumnsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Local variable 'totalColumnsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:770:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:771:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:772:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:773:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:773:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:775:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:776:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:776:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:778:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:784:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:788:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:788:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:789:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataExpectedStatus
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	Local variable 'dataExpectedStatus' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:790:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:792:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:793:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:799:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:803:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:803:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:804:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataExpectedStatus
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	Local variable 'dataExpectedStatus' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:805:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:807:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:808:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x)   or assertEquals(Boolean.TRUE, x)/assertEquals(Boolean.FALSE, x).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:813:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:817:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:817:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:818:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:818:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:819:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:823:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:824:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:824:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:825:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:825:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:825:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:826:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:826:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:828:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:828:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:830:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:830:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:831:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:831:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:831:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:832:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:832:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:833:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:833:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:833:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:837:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:841:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:841:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:842:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:842:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:843:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:847:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:849:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:849:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:849:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:850:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:850:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:852:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:852:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:852:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:852:	The String literal "Bloemfontein" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 852
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:853:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:853:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:855:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:855:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:855:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:855:	The String literal "Kanpur" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 855
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:859:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:863:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:863:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:864:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:864:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:865:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:868:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:869:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:869:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:871:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:871:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:871:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:872:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:872:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:874:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:877:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:877:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:877:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:881:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:885:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:885:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:886:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:886:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:887:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:889:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:891:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:891:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:893:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:893:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:893:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:896:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:896:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:896:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:897:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:897:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:899:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:899:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:899:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:903:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:907:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:907:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:908:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:908:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:909:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:911:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:913:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:913:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:915:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:915:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:915:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:918:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:925:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:929:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:929:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:930:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRecordsExpected
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:930:	Local variable 'totalRecordsExpected' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:931:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'js'.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:931:	Avoid variables with short names like js
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:931:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'js' (lines '931'-'950').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:931:	Local variable 'js' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:932:	Local variable 'dataSet' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:934:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:939:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:939:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:941:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:941:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:941:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:942:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:942:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:948:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:951:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:951:	Parameter 'dataSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:951:	Parameter 'testCaseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:952:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:953:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/test/DataMungerTest.java:954:	System.out.println is used
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.BufferedWriter'
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:16:	Parameter 'resultSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:22:	Local variable 'gson' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:23:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:24:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileWritten' (lines '24'-'31').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileWritten' (lines '31'-'35').
src/com/stackroute/datamunger/writer/JsonWriter.java:34:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
